Document reputation rules (#89)
exercism/docs: product/reputation.md

## Purpose

The purpose of the reputation system is to:

1. Maximise growth-centric interactions between students and mentors
2. Maximise the desire of mentors to want to contribute

## Acquisition of Reputation

Reputation can be acquired in a variety of ways:

1. Mentoring others' solutions successfully
2. Writing exercises
3. Updating exercises
4. Creating pull requests
5. Reviewing pull requests
6. Merging pull requests
7. Writing analysers
8. Updating analysers
9. Creating documentation
10. Updating documentation

### 1. Mentoring others' solutions successfully

Algorithm for determining the allocation of reputation points per mentoring interaction is yet to be determined.

### 2. Writing exercises

For each exercise where the user is listed as an author, `20` reputation is awarded.

### 3. Updating exercises

For each exercise where the user is listed as a contributor, `10` reputation is awarded.

### 4. Creating pull requests

For each merged pull request that was opened by the user, `12` reputation is awarded.

- If a pull request is still open, no reputation is awarded (yet).
- If a pull request is closed _without_ merging, no reputation is awarded.

> - It is possible to award more (or less) reputation for a merged pull request by adding one of the following labels to the pull request:

Author: I couldn't come up with a nice way to say: "only use this in more exceptional cases". Any suggestions?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In exceptional circumstances (either tiny PRs changing a few lines, or large PRs that will have taken a greater than normal of effort) is possible to award more (or less) reputation for a merged pull request by adding one of the following labels to the pull request:
```
